hi everyone.this in German I want to
show you the new updates for one apply
King and powerful or is called MFD tool
this is time is the version to this
pranking is working only for our third
team is Peralta for our 12 I have make
very nice update for this plug-in I got
this now to fix problems and I remake a
game to find solution to make also to
not Muslim data and I did I want to show
you how now very nice you can not very
easy animation cinema 4d with is a tune
ok so I keep my plugin here I click
import and import this model click OK
like before you know the other stuff the
only new we have here I fix some stuff
in the code you can see now but we have
here the more fix this is very nice if I
open now my motive you can see here I
have a Python tag and some more free
most one for the mouth the eyes every
brow okay sometimes there is also one
other called oh there it is paint the
model
I mean this is not the same for
everybody how they different
ok ok now I hope so summer this off here
we have a user data at the tag if you
want to make an email so you need to go
to the data I do this because I want to
fix the names you guys now it's a pause
here but here save a name it's a pun but
ok you can see okay now what to show you
how to come fix this because now if I go
close to this model let's see the mouth
and I believe it you can see it's
working but if I go up you see the door
work there is some problem here so the
solution to fix this very easy it's as
you go select the model point mode you
select the time you go to the tag edit
click left right sorry
a select all again and
like the bass we do the same for the
other so like all select bass I give the
other select pawn get the bass now we
select all three top animation presets
like this
you came and now if I go for exam in the
mouth you can see I can be and I can
also move this so I can use motif more
see five exam I got to have obey the
mouth and maybe the eyes blink like this
okay okay good now back again this is
very nice I fix this problem also this
is the version - okay let's do not
something very interesting
I go to vendee now do not know animation
you need to be kind of something yummy
first to have this same size you love
the model for example have here 15 I
need to import in 50 if you put the
other side you have problems animes not
correct also this is working all only
for Japan so you don't click the English
button here to make English that's late
because any message does the work can
find a name was born to animate okay
second you select a model the model have
the Python tag and that we express want
to find the this very important so we
can mate okay I click import and now
let's open a checkup and won't be here
most of data without the data you can
see and click OK you can see now is
loaded a keyframes
okay and I make little bigger so because
this is very big animation okay
Anarkali play and see the magic we can
see we have here very nice animation
scheme and clear iverson now we can
rainbabies who have a nice everything I
want to show you something last you can
add newest everyone
and I were closed they undo but I remove
now to have a clear everything I make oh
so in your skin
I'm making port another just to show you
let's try this model okay they'll show
you also okay now we need to the good to
do the same only this problem we need to
do every time when you want to have the
remote back a smoke bTW I think it's
very easy
the as you see how fast I'm Hank okay an
immense recess like this and now we load
the same motion to see also is working
for that this Moodle ok got it now okay
you can see here again very nice
animation and more so this is the new
update for Emily to finding it's great
you can download now 4 meter for deep
point call thank you for watching